The President: Well thank you  very much we love West Virginia.
This was just handed to me. Make Counties great again.
Youre right, youre right. Hold that for me, Ill take this.
Well, thank you, everybody.
We appreciate
you being here.
Thank you very much.
First of all, I want to
congratulate Scott Pruitt,
who's here someplace. Where's Scott?
(Applause.)
So important.
We're going to free up our
country, and it's going be
done in a very
environmental and positive
environmental way, I will
tell you that, but create
millions of jobs.
So many jobs are delayed
for so many years, and
it's unfair to everybody.
So I want
congratulate Scott.
I want to thank everyone
for being here today.
We have a great group of
farmers, homebuilders, and
county commissioners.
They're all represented.
They're standing
alongside of me.
I'd also like to thank
Jim Inhofe, who's been so
terrific in so many
different ways,
beyond even this.
So I want thank Jim and
also the leadership in the
Senate on the issue, a
friend of mine -- a great
friend of mine
-- John Barrasso.
The EPA's so-called
"Waters of the United
States" rule is one of the
worst examples of federal
regulation, and it has
truly run amok, and is one
of the rules most strongly
opposed by farmers,
ranchers and agricultural
workers all
across our land.
It's prohibiting them from
being allowed to do what
they're supposed
to be doing.
It's been a disaster.
The Clean Water Act says
that the EPA can regulate
"navigable waters" --
meaning waters that truly
affect interstate
commerce.
But a few years ago,
the EPA decided that
"navigable waters" can
mean nearly every puddle
or every ditch on a
farmer's land, or anyplace
else that they
decide -- right?
It was a massive
power grab.
The EPA's regulators were
putting people out of jobs
by the hundreds of
thousands, and regulations
and permits started
treating our wonderful
small farmers and small
businesses as if they were
a major industrial
polluter.
They treated
them horribly. Horribly.
If you want to build a new
home, for example, you
have to worry about
getting hit with a huge
fine if you fill in as
much as a puddle -- just a
puddle -- on your lot.
I've seen it.
In fact, when it was first
shown to me, I said, no,
you're kidding aren't you?
But they weren't kidding.
In one case in a Wyoming,
a rancher was fined
$37,000 a day by the
EPA for digging a small
watering hole
for his cattle.
His land.
These abuses were, and
are, why such incredible
opposition to this rule
from the hundreds of
organizations took
place in all 50 states.
It's a horrible,
horrible rule.
Has sort of a nice name,
but everything else is bad.
(Laughter.)
I've been hearing about it for
years and years.
I didn't know I'd
necessarily be in this
position to do something
about it, but we've been
hearing about
it for years.
With today's executive
order, I'm directing the
EPA to take action,
paving the way for the
elimination of this very
destructive
and horrible rule.
So I want to thank
everybody for being here.
And I will sign wherever
I'm supposed to sign.
There we are.
Thank you very much.
(Applause.)
Lets start hiring this group of fellas. Right?
So how important is this?
And Ill tel you John you have the right man in Scott Pruitt.
Watch the job he does.
Congradulations.
(applause)
Well thank you the home builders didnt know it would go this fast
they thought maybe by the end of the fourth year.
(laughter)
Thank you.
(inaudible speaking)